New doc "Migrate to Runtime" + more Runtime docs (#874)
astronomer/docs: software/manage-airflow-versions.md

4. Enter the Airflow version you want to upgrade to and press `Enter`.

## Step 2: Upgrade your Astro project

1. In your Astro project, open your `Dockerfile`.
2. Update the `FROM` line of your project's `Dockerfile` to reference a new Astronomer image. For example, to upgrade to the latest version of Astro Runtime, you would change the `FROM` line to:

    <pre><code parentName="pre">{`FROM quay.io/astronomer/astro-runtime:${siteVariables.runtimeVersion}`}</code></pre>

    For a list of currently supported Astronomer images, see:

    - [Astronomer Certified Lifecycle Schedule](ac-support-policy.md#astronomer-certified-lifecycle-schedule)

>     - [Astro Runtime Lifecycle Schedule](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/runtime-version-lifecycle-policy#astro-runtime-lifecycle-schedule)

Author: Nope - for cross-docset links we need to use the full URL I believe.

astro deployment airflow upgrade --cancel --deployment-id=<deployment-id>
```

> For example, if you cancel an upgrade from Airflow 1.10.7 to Airflow 1.10.12 in the CLI, the following message appears:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if you cancel an upgrade from Airflow 2.1.0 to Airflow 2.2.0 in the CLI, the following message appears:
```

```bash

> astro deployment airflow upgrade --cancel --deployment-id=ckguogf6x0685ewxtebr4v04x

Reviewer: Update the Airflow version numbers? Know they're examples, but 1.10.7 is tooooo old I think
